ROX-30851: Document Prometheus metrics and server (#100006)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/custom-prometheus-metrics.adoc

//module included in the following assemblies:
// * configuration/monitor-acs.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="custom-prometheus-metrics_{context}"]
= Using custom Prometheus metrics

[role="_abstract"]

> You can enable some {product-title-short} product metrics and use them with a dedicated Prometheus server in another application to display custom metrics for {product-title-short}. 

Reviewer: This wording is a bit confusing to me. What about this:

```suggestion
You can enable some {product-title-short} product metrics and scrape them with a dedicated Prometheus server in order to display in some visualization application such as Perses or Grafana.
```

> You can use a tool such as link:https://perses.dev/perses/docs/overview/[Perses] to consume these metrics. For example, you can create a Perses dashboard to use in the {ocp} console that displays {product-title-short} data. 

Reviewer: I mentioned Perses in the previous paragraph, so not sure how does it play with this one.

```suggestion
You can use a tool such as link:https://perses.dev/perses/docs/overview/[Perses] to display charts based on these metrics. For example, you can create a Perses dashboard to use in the {ocp} console that displays {product-title-short} data. 
```

You can use the `/v1/config` API to configure metrics with custom metric names and a custom set of labels.

Accepted image vulnerability labels include the following:

* Cluster
* Namespace
* Deployment
* IsPlatformWorkload
* ImageID
* ImageRegistry
* ImageRemote
* ImageTag
* Component
* ComponentVersion
* OperatingSystem
* CVE
* CVSS
* Severity
* EPSSPercentile
* EPSSProbability
* IsFixable

Accepted node vulnerability labels include the following:

* Cluster
* Node
* Kernel
* OperatingSystem
* OSImage
* Component
* ComponentVersion
* CVE
* CVSS
* Severity
* EPSSPercentile
* EPSSProbability
* IsFixable
* IsSnoozed

Accepted policy violation labels include the following:

* Cluster
* Namespace
* Resource
* Deployment
* IsDeploymentActive
* IsPlatformComponent
* Policy
* Categories
* Severity
* Action
* Message
* Stage
* State
* Entity
* EntityName

The total policy numbers are exposed as the `rox_central_cfg_total_policies` metric, which contains the following label:

* Enabled

The cluster health metric is exposed as `rox_central_health_cluster_info`, and contains the following labels:

* Cluster
* Type
* Status

> * Upgradeability

Author: Is it misspelled in the code then?

> * Upgradeability

Reviewer: Nope, I managed to misspell it only in the doc.

[labels.go](https://github.com/stackrox/stackrox/blob/f4d47dcff040f02e1e286b92f4c5d36230bfe24b/central/metrics/custom/clusters/labels.go#L14)
